Raichu::'t turns aggressive if 't be true 't hath too much electricity in its corse. 't discharges power through its tail. If 't be true the electric pouches in its cheeks becometh fully did charge, both ears wilt standeth straight up.
Gardevoir::Gardevoir hath the ability to did read the future. If 't be true 't senses impending danger to its trainer,  this POKeMON is did doth sayeth to unleash its psychokinetic energy at full power. Gardevoir hath the psychokinetic power to distort the dimensions and maketh a bawbling black hole. This POKeMON wilt tryeth to protect its trainer coequal at the risk of its own life.'t apparently doest not feeleth the pull of gravity because 't supports itself with psychic power.'t hath the power to predict the future. Its power peaks at which hour 't is protecting its trainer.
Haxorus::They art kind but can beest relentless at which hour defending territory. They dare foes with tusks yond can did doth cut steel. Their sturdy tusks wilt stayeth sharp coequal if 't be true did lay-to to did doth cut steel beams. These POKeMON art did cover in hard armor. Its tusks art incredibly destructive. They can easily slice through a thick,  sturdy steel column every time. They art kind but can beest relentless at which hour defending territory.
Volcarona::At which hour volcanic ash collied the atmosphere,  't is did doth sayeth yond volcarona’s fire did provide a replacement for the travelling lamp.a flote of fire engulfs the surroundings of their battles,  since they useth their six wings to scatter their ember scales. Did doth bethink to beest an embodiment of the travelling lamp,  't did doth appear during a bitterly bitter cold winter and did save POKeMON from freezing.
Metagross::Metagross hath four brains in total. Combined,  the four brains can breeze through sore calculations faster than a supercomputer. This POKeMON can float in the air by tucking in its four forks. Metagross is the result of two metang achieving fusion. At which hour hunting,  this POKeMON pins the prey to the did grind under its massive corse. 't then engluts the helpless victim using the large that from which we speaketh on its stomach. Metagross hath four brains yond art did join by a complex neural network. As a result of integration,  this POKeMON is smarter than a supercomputer
Milotic::Milotic is did doth sayeth to beest the most quite quaint of all the pokemon. 't hath the power to becalm such emotions as snuffs and hostility to quell bitter feuding. Milotic liveth at the bottom of large lakes. At which hour this pokemon’s corse glows a vivid pink,  't releases a pulsing waft of energy yond endues soothing halcyon to restless spirits.'t is did doth sayeth to liveth at the bottom of large lakes. Did doth consider to beest the most quite quaint of all pokemon,  't hath been depicted in paintings and statues. Those yond see 't art did doth sayeth to forget their combative spirits.
Pikachu::When several of these POKeMON gather, their electricity could build and cause lightning storms.It keeps its tail raised to monitor its surroundings. If you yank its tail, it will try to bite you.This intelligent POKeMON roasts hard BERRIES with electricity to make them tender enough to eat.It raises its tail to check its sur­ roundings. The tail is sometimes struck by light­ ning in this pose.When it is anger­ ed, it immediately discharges the energy stored in the pouches in its cheeks. Whenever PIKACHU comes across something new, it blasts it with a jolt of electricity. If you come across a blackened berry, it’s evidence that this POKeMON mistook the intensity of its charge.
Dragonite::At which hour several of these pokemon gather,  their electricity couldst buildeth and cause lightning storms.'t keeps its tail hath raised to monitor its surroundings. If 't be true thee yank its tail,  'twill tryeth to bite thee. This intelligent pokemon roasts hard berries with electricity to maketh those folk tender enow to englut.'t raises its tail to check its sur­ roundings. The tail is oft did strike by light­ ning in this pose. At which hour 't is snuffs­ ed,  't immediately discharges the energy did store in the pouches in its cheeks. Whenever pikachu cometh across something new,  't blasts 't with a jolt of electricity. If 't be true thee cometh across a blackened berry,  't’s evidence yond this pokemon did misprision the intensity of its charge.
Eevee::Its genetic code is irregular. 't may mutate if 't be true 't is exposed to radiation from element stones. Its genetic code is unstable,  so 't couldst evolve in a variety of ways. Thither art only a few alive.'t hath the ability to alter the com­ position of its corse to suit its surrounding envi­ ronment. Its irregularly configured dna is affectioned by its surroundings. 't evolves if 't be true its en­ vironment changes. Eevee hath an unstable genetic makeup yond suddenly mutates due to the environment in which 't liveth. Radiation from various stones causes this pokemon to evolve. An eevee hath an unstable genetic makeup yond suddenly mutates due to its environment. Radiation from various stones causes this pokemon to evolve.